wip (#148)
foobaragency/foo-state: README.md

        <p>Name: {state.name}</p>
        <p>Age: {state.age}</p>
      </div>
    )
  }
  ```
</details>

### 7 - With typescript

<details>
  <summary>See code</summary>

  ```tsx
  import { createGlobalState } from "foo-state"

  type Person = {
    firstName: string
    lastName: string
    age: number
  }

  const { useGlobalState } = createGlobalState<Person>({
    firstName: "John",
    lastName: "Doe",
    // string is not assignable to type number
    age: "43"
  })

  const Profile = () => {
      const [state, setState] = useGlobalState()

      function invertNames() {
          const newState = {
              firstName: "Doe",
              lastName: "John",
              age: 43,
          }
          setState(newState, {deepCompare: true})
      }

      return (
          <div>
              <p>First Name: {state.firstName}</p>
              <p>Last Name: {state.lastName}</p>
              <p>Age: {state.age}</p>
              <button onClick={invertNames}>Click me!</button>
          </div>
      )
  }
  ```
</details>

## API Reference

### createGlobalState

```ts
createGlobalState<S>(initialState: S | () => S, options: GlobalStateOptions): GlobalState
```

> This is the only function you will need to use this library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is, most probably, the only function you will need to use from this library.
```

#### Params

> The initial state can be either a `value` or a `function`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial state can be either a `value` or a `function` that resolves to a value. This mirrors the [`useState` API](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usestate).
```

The library tries to infer the type as much as possible, but you can also specify the type:

```ts
type Person = {}

const state = createGlobalState<Person>({})
```

> The `options` parameter reference can be found [here](./docs/interfaces/GlobalStateOptions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always [read more about the `options` parameter for `createGlobalState`](./docs/interfaces/GlobalStateOptions.md).
```

#### Returned functions

> + `useGlobalState` - This is a normal react hook that can be used inside any component to access or change the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `useGlobalState` - This react hook can be used inside any functional component to access or change the state.
```

> + `useReadOnlyState` - This hook returns the current state only. It doesn't give you access to the `setState` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `useReadOnlyState` - This react hook doesn't give you access to the `setState` function, instead it only returns the current state.
```

+ `createPartialState` - This function will return a read only hook with a custom partial state. [See example](#3---partial-state-hook)

> + `getGlobalState` - This function returns the current state and can be used anywhere in you application, not only inside react components.[See example](#2---using-outside-react)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `getGlobalState` - This function returns the current state and can be used anywhere in you application, not only inside react components.[See example of `getGlobalState`](#2---using-outside-react)
```

> + `setGlobalState` - This function allows you to change the state and can be used anywhere in you application, not only inside react components.[See example](#2---using-outside-react)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `setGlobalState` - This function allows you to change the state and can be used anywhere in you application, not only inside react components.[See example of `setGlobalState`](#2---using-outside-react)
```
